Updated signup flow (#5741)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/codestream/start-here/sign-up-codestream.mdx

trace errors in New Relic One directly to the line of code responsible in your
IDE.

## Create an account [#account]

If you already have the CodeStream extension [installed in your
IDE](/docs/codestream/start-here/install-codestream), you can start the sign up
process from the CodeStream pane.

![Create an account](./images/CreateAnAccount6.png)

You can sign up using your email address and a password, or you can sign up using
your GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket account. If you're a New Relic customer, you can also sign up with a user api
key from your New Relic One account.

If the email address you're using with your code host isn't your work email, you
should sign up with your work email address instead.

Once you've signed up, we'll send a confirmation code to your email.

![Confirm Email](./images/EmailConfirmation1.png)

## Create or join an organization [#create-org]

A CodeStream organization is where you and your teammates will discuss and
collaborate on code, and all of the developers in your company can be in the
same CodeStream organization. If you're a New Relic customer, note that your
CodeStream organization is not connected in any way to your organization on New

> Relic One.

Reviewer: I might word this as "not connected in any way to your New Relic organization". Instead of referencing 'New Relic One'. And maybe link to https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure/ if you think it helps.

description: "An overview of CodeStream's accounts and organizations and how to set those up for your team."
---

To get the most out of New Relic CodeStream's collaboration tools, create an
organization and then invite your team members to it. 

If you haven't already, [sign up for a free New Relic
account](https://newrelic.com/signup) to jump from your application's stack
trace errors in New Relic One directly to the line of code responsible in your
IDE.

## Create an account [#account]

If you already have the CodeStream extension [installed in your
IDE](/docs/codestream/start-here/install-codestream), you can start the sign up
process from the CodeStream pane.

![Create an account](./images/CreateAnAccount6.png)

You can sign up using your email address and a password, or you can sign up using

> your GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket account (cloud versions only, although
> CodeStream does have integrations with the on-prem versions once you've
> signed up). If you're a New Relic customer, you can also sign up with a user api

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket account. If you're a New Relic customer, you can also sign up with a user api
```

I think we should drop this parenthetical. If this is important enough to warrant clarifying, let's create a brief troubleshooting doc to address this and then link to it from here.

key from your New Relic One account.

> If the email address you're using with your code host isn't your work email, you
> should sign up with your work email address instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're not sure what email to use when you sign up, use your work email address.
```

Author: This copy needs to specifically refer to the code host auth path, because the user isn't deciding which email to use, they're deciding which auth method to use. And we need to discourage them from using their code host if they aren't using their work email with their code host.

Reviewer 2: I think we can make more clear. All of what I know about how this works is based on this doc. I feel like I'm fumbling in the dark. 

How does someone make this choice? How do I know what my "code host auth path" is? :D How do I know whether I should use my work email or my code host?

In general, if I see an option to login to something via GitHub, I jump at the chance, because I'd usually rather not create a new login and password for some service I'm not sure about. But that's just me.

I find this all rather confusing.

I'd prefer something like:

"You have three different ways to create an account with CodeStream.
1. If you have a New Relic account, sign up with your user API key. (link to how to do that)
2. If you're joining your company's CodeStream organization, use your work email address.
3. If you use GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket and the email you use is the same as your work email, you can login through your code host provider."

> If you sign up using your email address, your next step will be to confirm the
> email address by entering a code sent to you via email. You can paste the code
> into any of the boxes rather than typing each number individually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've signed up, we'll send a confirmation code to your email.
```

People know how to do this. I don't think we ened to walk them through it.

![Confirm Email](./images/EmailConfirmation1.png)

> ## Create or join an organization [#create-org]

Reviewer 2: @zuluecho9 Do you have any thoughts on this section?

Reviewer: i think that's pretty clear. I think 'organization' is pretty widely used for this type of concept in other companies. And I don't see much chance of it being confused with the New Relic concept of 'organization' (although may be something to keep an eye on if we also start referencing New Relic organizations in these docs). 

One other idea might be to, when it seems unclear what an 'organization' is, to link to this section. I do that in some places in the accounts/orgs docs when I think there's a chance a customer won't be clear about what the concept is exactly and they may think it's being used in some general way.

> A CodeStream organization is where you and your teammates will discuss code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A CodeStream organization is where you and your teammates discuss and collaborate on code.
```

It would be good to clarify here how a CodeStream organization is distinct (is it?) from a New Relic "organization". https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure

Author: Will address in next commit

> Similar to a Slack workspace, all of the developers in your company can be in
> the same CodeStream organization. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Organizations are organized around common email domains. When you sign up to CodeStream with an email domain associated with an organization, you're added to that organization. 
```

I think it's best not to assume prior knowledge about how Slack functions.

Author: Will address in next commit

If you're invited to join an organization on CodeStream, sign up with the same
email address the invitation was sent to and you'll automatically be added to
that organization. Alternatively, there may be existing CodeStream organizations

> available for you to join based on your email domain.

Reviewer 2: I don't quite understand the distinction that's being made here. Isn't the "alternatively" here just restating what you're saying in the previous paragraph or is there something different happening here?

Author: No, the previous paragraph simply states what an org is, and that your company only needs one. The "alternatively" line is about the fact that you may be able to join that org based on your email domain... but that is not a guaranteed thing. Only happens if the admin of that org has turned on domain-based joining. Just like with Slack.

Reviewer 2: I think there's a funny conflation in this doc between admins and users of CodeStream. It would be good to clarify what admins can do and what users can do. I think the lines are somewhat blurred at the moment.

![Create or join an organization](./images/CreateOrJoinOrg.png)

> If you weren't invited, and there are no existing organizations for you to join,
> a new organization will be created for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're the first one from your email domain to create a CodeStream account, a new organization is created. Every new user from your domain that follows is added to this organization.
```

Author: Per my previous comment, this isn't accurate. Things aren't automatically tied to an email domain. Like Slack, it's a feature that needs to be turned on by an admin. Even with it on, there's nothing stopping 10 people from acme.com from creating their own orgs if that's what they want.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to add what you just wrote in this comment to this doc. I don't think it's at all clear as it's presently written. Hence my continual confusion about how this actually works, I think :D

## Invite your teammates [#invite]

Collaboration is a team sport so invite your teammates to join your CodeStream

> organization.

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be great to get more specific about what value you get out of inviting your teammates to CodeStream. Personally, I don't find "team sport" very compelling :D

Off the top of my head, adding teammates gets you increased collaboration through:
* code comments
* feature requests
* pull requests
* other things I'm not considering?

Author: Will address in next commit, although this isn't really the article to be selling that. Especially since we've already mentioned above that a CS org is for collaborating with teammates.

> ![Invite teammates](./images/InviteTeammates.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Invite teammates](./images/InviteTeammates.png)

<figcaption>
To invite your teammates, click the **My Organization** dropdown, then click **Invite Teammates**.
</figcaption>
```

I think we need to give people some guidance on where to find how to do this.

Author: If you look at the screenshot this section is referring to you'll see that this is the Invite step of the signup flow. You're inviting right here. No need to direct them elsewhere.

CodeStream will offer up some suggestions based on the commit history of the

> repositories you have open in your IDE. You can also indicate that anyone with

Reviewer 2: I think we should clarify what CodeStream is doing here with commit history and suggestions. I expect some people might find this a bit creepy.

an email address on your company's domain can join your organization without

> needing to be invited.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this info more properly belongs in the Create or join organization section

Author: But it refers to the checkbox display on the Invite step, which is this section.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough. I think there's a large conversation to be had about documenting UI items and UI processes, but we can table it for now.
